Note: Same as H1, this was excluded, but again I use it to describe some interesting trading strategies 
# ERC20s that have different price parameters can be gamed for profit

## Summary
ERC20 with different auction price parameters can be gamed with circle trading where, an attacker can  do 
**a** => **b**, **b** => **c** and then **c** => **a**.
## Vulnerability Detail
[`startRebalance`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AuctionRebalanceModuleV1.sol#L241-L282) allows us to set a wanted percentage of ERC20 tokens inside a given setToken, by appointing quote and it's components, where quote and one component are traded as a pair. Now the issue prevails from the fact that there could be different adapters and thus trading prices on the components. 

Lets say quote is DAI and it could be matched with WETH (who uses [LinearPriceAdapter](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/integration/auction-price/BoundedStepwiseLinearPriceAdapter.sol)) and also WBTC (who uses [LogarithmicPriceAdapter](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/integration/auction-price/BoundedStepwiseLogarithmicPriceAdapter.sol)). Different auction price methods can lead to circular trading where we trade the difference on prices between real price for WETH and WBTC, slowly draining the protocol. To do this we cannot trade directly **WETH => WBTC**, but we need to do **WETH => DAI** then **DAI => WBTC** then **WBTC = UNI => WETH** and we repeat.

**Example scenario:**
- SetToken has WETH : DAI : WBTC with uniform allocation (all are equal in terms of USD value)
- We assign a different percentage allocation 60 : 20 : 20 with DAI as a quote

|          | Min price | Current price | Max price |         Adapters        |
|:--------:|:---------:|:-------------:|:---------:|:-----------------------:|
| **WETH** |    1900   |      2000     |    2100   | LinearPriceAdapter |
| **WBTC** |   19 000  |     20 000    |   21 000  | LogarithmicPriceAdapter |
|  **DAI** |     1     |       1       |     1     |   ConstantPriceAdapter  |

Now because of WBTC using LogarithmicPriceAdapter, it's min price is gonna be reached faster than WETH with LinearPriceAdapter. They are gonna have a different rate of lowering.

**Attacker actions:**
- Sell 10 WETH for 20 000 DAI (not much time has passed from the start of the auction)
- Sell 20 000DAI for 1.025 WBTC (at price of 19 500$ ), because of how the rates decrease
- In UNI swap trade 1.025 WBTC for 10,25 WETH worth 20500$. 

This cycle can be repeated until the contract reaches the desired target percentages for WBTC or WETH. This is also unwanted for the setToken, since this cycle is not increasing the DAI or WBTC, but only lowering WBTC or WETH. Thus any configuration that will provide more profits than the setToken fees is reasonable to be gamed, or if the setToken fee is 0% then any auction could be attacked.

**Note:**
This is one scenario out of many, where different price adapters can make it profitable for MEV to occur, another, perhaps more common and easy scenario is if two tokens are constant and the 3rd token is decreasing. In this case If WETH was stable at 2k and WBTC was decreasing the same operations could be performed.

## Impact
User will be able to game the auction an lower it's value.
## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You can you an oracle, tho I don't this will be valuable since it is introducing extra risks and complexity, also making it less decentralized and less autonomous. Better suggestion is, on  `startRebalance` to be in-forced that all tokens in the given auction have the same auction price parameters. 