# If an airdrop happens before a mint the price could skyrocket

## Impact
As explained by the [docs](https://seize-io.gitbook.io/nextgen/nextgen-smart-contracts/features#minting-process), several steps can occur during the minting process. However, an airdrop before `salesOption` 3 can lead to price inflation.

## Proof of Concept
Under `salesOption` 3, [getPrice](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/MinterContract.sol#L536) returns:
```solidity
return collectionPhases[_collectionId].collectionMintCost
                    + ((collectionPhases[_collectionId].collectionMintCost / collectionPhases[_collectionId].rate) * gencore.viewCirSupply(_collectionId));
```
This is the increased rate based on the NFTs **already in circulation**. If an airdrop occurs before a mint with `salesOption` 3, the price will be much higher than intended.

Example:

| Steps            | Option     | NFTs    | Price | Rate                  |
|------------------|------------|---------|-------|-----------------------|
| 1 OG users       | Airdropped | 20 NFTs | free  | -                     |
| 2 Whitelisted    | Sales 3    | 10 NFTs | 1 ETH | 10 (0.1 ETH increase) |
| 3 Public         | Sales 1    | 70 NFTs | 2 ETH | -                     |

With the current three steps, after the airdrop, `salesOption` 3 should start at 1 ETH and gradually increase to 2 ETH. Afterward, it should mint at a constant rate of 2 ETH.

However, when sales option 3 starts, [getPrice](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/MinterContract.sol#L536) will return 3 ETH instead of 1 ETH. This will cause the initial users to pay an inflated price, which was not intended by the owner and can harm their reputation. It's also unfair to the users, as these so-called special (whitelisted) users will pay increased prices.

$$
\begin{align*}
\text{collectionMintCost} + \left(\frac{\text{collectionMintCost}}{\text{rate}}\right) \times \text{cirSupply}  \\
&= 1 \text{eth} + 0.1 \text{eth} \times 20 \\
&= 1 \text{eth} + 2 \text{eth} \\
&= 3 \text{eth}
\end{align*}
$$

## POC
Gist - https://gist.github.com/0x3b33/558b919a57101e7a0942e557a464078a
Add to remappings - `contracts/=smart-contracts/` 
Run it with `forge test --match-test test_airdrop  --lib-paths ../smart-contracts`

## Tools Used
Manual review.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
You can implement a mapping with the airdropped NFTs and deduct this value from `gencore.viewCirSupply(_collectionId)` to avoid disrupting the minting process.