# The winner can DoS the auction and stuck the NFT and users funds in the contract 

## Impact
Winners will be able to DoS auctions and lock both their NFTs and all of the funds of other bidders. This issue arises because **AuctionDemo**'s [claimAuction](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/AuctionDemo.sol#L104-L120) uses push instead of a pull.

The winner does not need to be a user, it can also be a competitive entity. A competitor against the collection or against NextGen.

## Proof of Concept
Once the auction has ended, the winner can invoke [claimAuction](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/AuctionDemo.sol#L104-L120). And to revert on his `_checkOnERC721Received`.

The core issue is in this [if if](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/AuctionDemo.sol#L115-L118), within this `for` loop, where, if the current bidder is not the winner, their funds are refunded.
```solidity
for (uint256 i=0; i< auctionInfoData[_tokenid].length; i++) {
    ...
    } else if (auctionInfoData[_tokenid][i].status == true) {
        (bool success, ) = payable(auctionInfoData[_tokenid][i].bidder).call{value: auctionInfoData[_tokenid][i].bid}("");
        emit Refund(auctionInfoData[_tokenid][i].bidder, _tokenid, success, highestBid);
    } else {}
}
```

Example:
1. NFT is scheduled for auction with start of 0.01ETH
3. 50 more bidders bid - 0.011, 0.015... 0.29.
2. Attacker bids last - 0.3ETH (1 wei higher than the bid before him) using a contract that reverts when it receives the NFT.
4. Auction ends.
5. [claimAuction](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/AuctionDemo.sol#L104-L120) reverts as the call made to the attacker contract reverts.

Attacker loses some ETH, however 50 bidders lose their bids (the last one is the same as the attaker) and the NFT will remain stuck in the contract.


## Tools Used
Manual review 

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
Utilize the pull method instead of the push method. This can be achieved by creating another function that allows users to manually withdraw their funds after the auction concludes.


