# Multiple mints can brick any form of salesOption 3 mintings

## Impact
As explained by the sponsor, some collections might want to conduct multiple mints on different days. However, due to the way `salesOption` 3 works, these multiple mints might encounter issues.

## Proof of Concept
A collection has completed its first mint, where it minted 500 NFTs. However, the collection consists of 1000 NFTs, so the owner plans to schedule another mint, this time using sales option 3.

| Values              |                          |
|---------------------|--------------------------|
| `allowlistStartTime`| 4 PM                     |
| `allowlistEndTime`  | 7 PM                     |
| `publicStartTime`   | 7 PM                     |
| `publicEndTime`     | 1 day after public start |
| `timePeriod`        | 1 min                    |

The first user's mint will proceed smoothly since `timeOfLastMint` falls within the previous mint period. However, the second user's mint will fail. The same applies to all other whitelisted users. This issue arises due to the [following block](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/MinterContract.sol#L252):

```solidity
lastMintDate[col] = collectionPhases[col].allowlistStartTime
                + (collectionPhases[col].timePeriod * (gencore.viewCirSupply(col) - 1));
```

This [calculation](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/MinterContract.sol#L252) extends the allowed time significantly, granting the second minter an allowed time of `allowlistStartTime + 1 min * (500-1) = allowlistStartTime + 499 min`, which is equivalent to 8 hours and 19 minutes after `allowlistStartTime`. This enables the second user to mint at **12:19 AM**, long after the whitelist has ended and in the middle of the public sale. And if anyone tries to mint his call will revert with `underflow` error, as `timeOfLastMint` > `block.timestamp`.

```solidity
uint256 tDiff = (block.timestamp - timeOfLastMint) / collectionPhases[col].timePeriod;
```

It's worth noting that some collections may disrupt the whitelist, while others could brick the entire mint process, especially if there are more minted NFTs or a longer minting period.

## POC
Gits - https://gist.github.com/0x3b33/677f86f30603dfa213541cf764bbc0e8
Add to remappings - `contracts/=smart-contracts/`
Run it with `forge test --match-test test_multipleMints --lib-paths ../smart-contracts`

## Tools Used
Manual review.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
For this fix I am unable to give any suggestion as big parts of the protocol need to be re-done. I can only point out the root cause of the problem, which is `(gencore.viewCirSupply(col) - 1)` in the [snippet below](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-nextgen/blob/main/smart-contracts/MinterContract.sol#L252).

```solidity
lastMintDate[col] = collectionPhases[col].allowlistStartTime + (collectionPhases[col].timePeriod * (gencore.viewCirSupply(col) - 1));
```


